hi how are you can we camp in your
backyard
[Music]
we are back in Beverly Hills to take a
shot at doing the most requested video
which is ask a stranger asleep in the
hospital so today we decide to not ask
just any stranger we're gonna ask the
richest ha ha ha so we are again we're
in Beverly Hills one of the fanciest
neighborhoods out here and we're gonna
start asking billionaires and
millionaires if you can sleep in their
houses alright
I think there's a 90% chance of success
rection in your head of course what are
the chances say about point zero one
third time we're on this street
specifically which is hilarious we crash
the Oscar party literally are you
watching the Oscars tonight
[Music]
hi how are you can we camp in your
backyard the hardest thing in these
houses is that it's never the owner it's
rarely the the owner that actually opens
the door it's usually a maid the maid
sees us and it's already is just like
it's ready a joke they're not gonna go
call the owner of the house to just come
like toxic to dudes who are just clearly
looking around come next to me boys
through the camera already hello my
friends and I have a YouTube channel
where we try to do things that people
tell us are impossible so our goal today
is to have someone let us camp in their
back yard mr. camera I just I want a
camera I want them to be able to see who
they're talking to
hi it may speak to the house owner hi
how are you
so our goal today is to ask a nice house
owner to let us camp in their in their
yard can we do that no can we can we can
we just camp in your backyard that's
awesome okay okay it wasn't the shotgun
shooting UNICOR it
hi this is probably the weirdest thing
you heard all day
so our ass today is someone with a nice
house let us camp in their backyard for
the night no worries it's right thank
you thank you
having bye that was the nicest know I've
ever gotten so if you haven't heard of
the of the internet legend title is the
living meme here my garage just bought
this new Lamborghini here fun to drive
up here in the Hollywood Hills but you
know what I like a lot more than
materialistic things knowledge
Kolia knowledge knowledge knowledge he
actually lives a block down this way and
we're gonna give it a try and actually
finally confirm if you freakin owns that
house or if it's a rental house so it is
and it's that house hi Lopez yeah or
other splendas dude where the car it is
him I see the freaking Lambo so
hopefully he's inside let's do it
Oh cops are they coming first hi sir
spend some positivity wearing these
costumes so okay it's all good okay yeah
exactly so it's a we have a youtube
channel around doing things that gets
you out of a comfort zone we have a lot
of burglaries a lot of these burglars
are called knock-knock burglars Oh
so they knock on the front door they
check it for the residents home if
they're not they then make their way and
breaking out their perfect if you guys
are going to be doing this
people are gonna continue calling on you
okay yeah okay well we'll stop that
notice thank you so much thank you thank
you damn cops because call the cops and
yes theory that this is the first time
cops get calling us so it's a pretty all
right let's do it
he's still there let's go
hello how are you I'm fine my name is
amar this is Thomas and this is their so
our goal today is to ask someone with a
really nice house if they would let us
set a tent in their backyard and spend
the night and then it will be first
thing in the morning ok ok no worries
thank you so much thank you thank you
Thanks
thank you this is this is Ty's house
right yeah hit him up I'm tweeting Tai
Lopez right now I'm like yo ty we tried
to come sleep in your house ask your
lovely assistant about us this is what
we look like oh I think that's hi it
wouldn't be camp can give us a give us a
room in that yeah exactly that one I
want I think you should go out in the
street with a sign that just says would
you let us sleep in your house tonight
yeah we're I think there's like in the
like a shopping here yeah in Beverly
Hills I don't understand how you will
convince someone they'll be like okay
you know what
this is our address why don't you come
with your car to our place our backup
signs it's another sign another weird
request you got to be the person who's
made the weird assignment holder and
there all's rice can we sleep at your
house tonight
okay I don't even get a smile I don't
even get I don't even get people's
attention it's just safe and a guy gave
a finger fine when I was holding the
sign a Marcus speaking you guys are so
sweet you specifically because he looks
good you look so scared what do you ask
some with something like that you just
to get out like overpower their energy
with yours there instantly just like oh
wait what's going on right now
no see there's what's your excited face
t-boogie in there and let's see what you
guys pretend you're asking me sir kids
yes so we literally just got back to the
house
Tyler please responded saying haha
alright so we spent the entire day
knocking on a bunch of people's doors in
Beverly Hills it didn't work out and
even after we tried contacting ty a
hundred of you tweeted at him and all
the answer was ha ha so again we're not
gonna try that again if you wants to
invite us maybe we'll come otherwise
screw it here's what we gonna do instead
we're gonna commit and it's the promise
to do a part two where we will sleep at
a billionaires house but we want it to
be a billionaire that we're truly
inspired by so here's our top three Elon
Musk Richard Branson and Mark Zuckerberg
now here's what you're gonna do you're
gonna cast your votes and the comments
either one of these three or any other
billionaires that you can think of and
we will commit to sleeping at one of
these people's house
within the year cast your votes in the
comments were very excited to see who
you would want us to contact and I was
miss they sleep with but to sleep at
their house like this video if you're
excited for part two because we are
excited to do it
I just want to show you guys what it's
like to sometimes fail as a yes--there
experience but I we had a blast doing in
and we hope you had a blast watching it
so we'll see you on Thursday
[Music]